pl/touk/sputnik/ReviewBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.ReviewBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/assertion/ViolationAssert.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.assertion.ViolationAssert
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/ConfigurationSetup.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.ConfigurationSetup
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/RegexFilterFilesVisitorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.RegexFilterFilesVisitorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritFacadeExceptionTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacadeExceptionTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritCommentVisitorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritCommentVisitorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritFacadeBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacadeBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintResultParserTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintResultParserTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jslint/JsLintReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jslint.JsLintReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScorePassIfNoErrorsTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScorePassIfNoErrorsTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/NoScoreTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.NoScoreTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/GithubFacadeTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.GithubFacadeTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/ProcessorBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.ProcessorBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritFileDiffBuilderWrapperTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritFileDiffBuilderWrapperTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/FacadeConfigUtil.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.FacadeConfigUtil
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.FacadeConfigUtil$1
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/checkstyle/CheckstyleReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CheckstyleReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jshint/JsHintReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jshint.JsHintReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jslint/JsLintProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jslint.JsLintProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritFacadeTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacadeTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScoreAlwaysPassTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScoreAlwaysPassTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckResultParserTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckResultParserTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/checkstyle/CheckstyleProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CheckstyleProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/ConfigurationBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.ConfigurationBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/FileDiffTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.FileDiffTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/scalastyle/ScalastyleReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.scalastyle.ScalastyleReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/CodeNarcReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.CodeNarcReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/spotbugs/SpotBugsProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.spotbugs.SpotBugsProcessorTest
toreview/TestClass.java
 toreview.TestClass
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/SaasFacadeTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.SaasFacadeTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/PmdProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.PmdProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/ktlint/KtlintProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.ktlint.KtlintProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintResultParserTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintResultParserTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/ReviewInputBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.ReviewInputBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/SummaryMessageVisitorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.SummaryMessageVisitorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashFacadeTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashFacadeTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritFileDiffBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritFileDiffBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/TestEnvironment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.TestEnvironment
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/FilterOutTestFilesVisitorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.FilterOutTestFilesVisitorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/LimitCommentVisitorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.LimitCommentVisitorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/CollectorRendererTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.CollectorRendererTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/PmdReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.PmdReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/CodeNarcProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.CodeNarcProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/MavenBuildDirLocatorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.MavenBuildDirLocatorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/http/SslVerificationTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.http.SslVerificationTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashFacadeHttpsTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashFacadeHttpsTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintScriptTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintScriptTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritOptionsTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritOptionsTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/scalastyle/ScalastyleProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.scalastyle.ScalastyleProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/ReviewFileTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.ReviewFileTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/DetektProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.DetektProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintResultParserTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintResultParserTest
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewFormatterTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewFormatterTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/local/LocalFacadeTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.local.LocalFacadeTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScorePassIfEmptyTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScorePassIfEmptyTest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ConnectorFacadeFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorFacadeFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/ReviewRunnerTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.ReviewRunnerTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/spotbugs/SpotBugsReviewProcessorFactoryTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.spotbugs.SpotBugsReviewProcessorFactoryTest
pl/touk/sputnik/CliOptionsTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.CliOptionsTest
 pl.touk.sputnik.CliOptionsTest$CliAssert
pl/touk/sputnik/HttpConnectorEnv.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.HttpConnectorEnv
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/VisitorBuilderTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.VisitorBuilderTest
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jshint/JsHintProcessorTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jshint.JsHintProcessorTest
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/FileExtensionFilterTest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.FileExtensionFilterTest
pl/touk/sputnik/SputnikAssertions.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.SputnikAssertions
