pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/PythonFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.PythonFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ConnectorType.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorType
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/PatchsetBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.PatchsetBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintExecutor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintExecutor
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/BuildDirLocatorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.BuildDirLocatorFactory
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.BuildDirLocatorFactory$1
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/TypeScriptFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.TypeScriptFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashConnector.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashConnector
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/CodeNarcProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.CodeNarcProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jshint/JsHintReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jshint.JsHintReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritOptions.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritOptions
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/PmdFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.PmdFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/ResultBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.ResultBuilder
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.ResultBuilder$1
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewException
pl/touk/sputnik/exec/ExternalProcessException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.exec.ExternalProcessException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/ktlint/KtlintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.ktlint.KtlintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritPatchset.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritPatchset
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/LimitCommentVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.LimitCommentVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckResultParser
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckResultParser$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/Anchor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.Anchor
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.Anchor$AnchorBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/FileExtensionFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.FileExtensionFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/SingleFileChanges.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.SingleFileChanges
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.SingleFileChanges$ChangeDetails
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.SingleFileChanges$SingleFileChangesBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/review/transformer/FileNameTransformer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.FileNameTransformer
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.FileNameTransformer$1
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/spotbugs/SpotBugsProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.spotbugs.SpotBugsProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/local/LocalFacadeBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.local.LocalFacadeBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/http/HttpHelper.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.http.HttpHelper
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.http.HttpHelper$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/json/FileViolation.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.json.FileViolation
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/diff/FileDiff.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.diff.FileDiff
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/RegexFilterFilesVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.RegexFilterFilesVisitor
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.RegexFilterFilesVisitor$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/json/Violation.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.json.Violation
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/json/FileViolations.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.json.FileViolations
pl/touk/sputnik/review/Comment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Comment
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/BuildDirLocator.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.BuildDirLocator
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/GeneralOption.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.GeneralOption
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/http/HttpException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.http.HttpException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/ResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.ResultParser
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewResult.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewResult
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/NoScore.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.NoScore
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/review/transformer/FileTransformer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.FileTransformer
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/FileComment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.FileComment
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/DetektProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.DetektProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/json/Message.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.json.Message
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/ReviewStatus.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.ReviewStatus
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/ScalaFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.ScalaFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/ESLintFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.ESLintFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/FilterOutTestFilesVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.FilterOutTestFilesVisitor
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.FilterOutTestFilesVisitor$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/DiffSegment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.DiffSegment
pl/touk/sputnik/review/transformer/ClassNameTransformer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.ClassNameTransformer
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.ClassNameTransformer$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritException
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/SaasException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.SaasException
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ConnectorFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/checkstyle/CheckstyleProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CheckstyleProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/ktlint/LintErrorConverter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.ktlint.LintErrorConverter
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/scalastyle/ScalastyleProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.scalastyle.ScalastyleProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/GithubFacadeBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.GithubFacadeBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintScript.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintScript
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/Notification.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.Notification
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/Configuration.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.Configuration
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/VisitorBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.VisitorBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/checkstyle/CollectorListener.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CollectorListener
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CollectorListener$1
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/checkstyle/CheckstyleReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.checkstyle.CheckstyleReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/review/transformer/IOFileTransformer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.IOFileTransformer
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.transformer.IOFileTransformer$1
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/ReviewElement.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.ReviewElement
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/Status.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.Status
pl/touk/sputnik/exec/ExternalProcess.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.exec.ExternalProcess
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/ConfigurationBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.ConfigurationBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScorePassIfNoErrors.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScorePassIfNoErrors
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/AbstractBuildDirLocator.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.AbstractBuildDirLocator
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.AbstractBuildDirLocator$1
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewFormatter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewFormatter
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/CommentIncludeVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.CommentIncludeVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritFacadeBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacadeBuilder
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacadeBuilder$1
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckExecutor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckExecutor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/ktlint/KtLintProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.ktlint.KtLintProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/CodeNarcReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.CodeNarcReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/review/Paths.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Paths
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/CliOption.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.CliOption
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/Comment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.Comment
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/CommonPath.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.CommonPath
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/json/ShellcheckMessage.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.json.ShellcheckMessage
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/GroovyFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.GroovyFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScoreAlwaysPass.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScoreAlwaysPass
pl/touk/sputnik/Main.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.Main
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/json/PylintMessage.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.json.PylintMessage
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tools/externalprocess/ProcessorRunningExternalProcess.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tools.externalprocess.ProcessorRunningExternalProcess
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/http/HttpConnector.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.http.HttpConnector
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/LineComment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.LineComment
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/GerritFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.GerritFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/Engine.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.Engine
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/json/TSLintFileInfo.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.json.TSLintFileInfo
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ConnectorDetails.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorDetails
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/PmdReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.PmdReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/GeneralOptionNotSupportedException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.GeneralOptionNotSupportedException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintResultParser
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/PmdProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.PmdProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/CliWrapper.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.CliWrapper
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/codenarc/CodeNarcRunnerBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.codenarc.CodeNarcRunnerBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/local/LocalFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.local.LocalFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/local/LocalFacadeOutput.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.local.LocalFacadeOutput
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/ReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.ReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintException
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/Provider.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.Provider
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewFile.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewFile
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jslint/JsLintReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jslint.JsLintReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pmd/CollectorRenderer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.CollectorRenderer
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pmd.CollectorRenderer$1
pl/touk/sputnik/review/Violation.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Violation
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/MavenBuildDirLocator.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.MavenBuildDirLocator
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/JavaFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.JavaFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/gerrit/ReviewInputBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.gerrit.ReviewInputBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/DetektProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.DetektProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintExecutor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintExecutor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintResultParser
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintResultParser$1
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jshint/JsHintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jshint.JsHintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/GithubFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.GithubFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/SaasConnector.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.SaasConnector
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/detekt/LoggingFileProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.detekt.LoggingFileProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/BuildTool.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.BuildTool
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/scalastyle/ScalastyleReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.scalastyle.ScalastyleReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/JavaScriptFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.JavaScriptFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritFileDiffBuilderWrapper.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritFileDiffBuilderWrapper
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/json/ChangePosition.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.json.ChangePosition
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/spotbugs/SpotBugsReviewProcessorFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.spotbugs.SpotBugsReviewProcessorFactory
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/jslint/JsLintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.jslint.JsLintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/SummaryMessageVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.SummaryMessageVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/configuration/ConfigurationOption.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.configuration.ConfigurationOption
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/LineSegment.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.LineSegment
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/Connector.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.Connector
pl/touk/sputnik/review/Severity.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Severity
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/Patchset.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.Patchset
pl/touk/sputnik/review/locator/GradleBuildFileLocator.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.locator.GradleBuildFileLocator
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/FileFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.FileFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashPatchset.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashPatchset
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/TSLintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.TSLintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/pylint/PylintException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.pylint.PylintException
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/json/CommentRequest.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.json.CommentRequest
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/ChangeType.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.ChangeType
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritFileDiffBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritFileDiffBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/review/Review.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Review
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.Review$ReviewFileSourceDirFunction
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/ProcessorBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.ProcessorBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ConnectorFacadeFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorFacadeFactory
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ConnectorFacadeFactory$1
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/score/ScorePassIfEmpty.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.score.ScorePassIfEmpty
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/KotlinFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.KotlinFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/ReviewRunner.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.ReviewRunner
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/stash/StashFacadeBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.stash.StashFacadeBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/BeforeReviewVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.BeforeReviewVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tools/externalprocess/ExternalProcessResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tools.externalprocess.ExternalProcessResultParser
pl/touk/sputnik/review/filter/ShellFilter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.filter.ShellFilter
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/ReviewPublisher.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.ReviewPublisher
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/AfterReviewVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.AfterReviewVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/engine/visitor/comment/GerritCommentVisitor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.engine.visitor.comment.GerritCommentVisitor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/spotbugs/CollectorBugReporter.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.spotbugs.CollectorBugReporter
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/tslint/json/ListViolationsResponse.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.tslint.json.ListViolationsResponse
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/SaasFacade.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.SaasFacade
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/Connectors.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.Connectors
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/github/ContentRenderer.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.github.ContentRenderer
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintProcessor.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintProcessor
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/shellcheck/ShellcheckException.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.shellcheck.ShellcheckException
pl/touk/sputnik/connector/saas/SaasFacadeBuilder.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.connector.saas.SaasFacadeBuilder
pl/touk/sputnik/processor/eslint/ESLintResultParser.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintResultParser
 pl.touk.sputnik.processor.eslint.ESLintResultParser$1
pl/touk/sputnik/review/ReviewFormatterFactory.java
 pl.touk.sputnik.review.ReviewFormatterFactory
